---
date: '2012-10-06 22:19 -0700'
layout: post
title: 'Wine,Skype, Google Earth etc.. ia32 on 12.04.1'
---

It seems that some PPAs have newer versions of apps than the stock
12.04. This can cause nightmares when you go to install stuff that needs
the ia32 mutliarch stuff because the 386 version has to be the same as
the amd64 version.

After a couple of days of trying to resolve the packages by hand and
force versions I came across this post that uses apt-pinning in the
preferences to downgrade everything to stock.
<a href="http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=12246372&amp;postcount=7" class="ext-link"> http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=12246372&postcount=7</a>

Once running stock packages, Wine, skype etc should install....

Transcript \"

> Re: ia32-libs error \[Cant install on amd64\]ia32-libs error \[Cant
> install on amd64\]

I had a similar problem with broken dependencies when trying to install
wine and acroread, just after upgrading to 12.04 from 11.04 (passing
over 11.10). It seems that some ppa's I had in 11.04 installed newer
versions of applications in the system. After upgrading, the remains of
these apps seemed to do some mess in the dependencies.

The solution that seems to work (until now), was found on a german
ubuntu board
(<a href="http://forum.ubuntuusers.de" class="ext-link"> http://forum.ubuntuusers.de</a>,
posts from user Lasall):

First a downgrade is required and done with the following: create the
'preferences' file: Code:

``` {.wiki}
sudo vi /etc/apt/preferences
```

and insert the following lines: Code:

``` {.wiki}
Package: *       
Pin: release a=precise*
Pin-Priority: 2012
```

Pin-Priority must be greater than 1000.

Then you may downgrade the programs with: Code:

``` {.wiki}
sudo apt-get dist-upgrade
```

Then you may install packages that complained about dependencies, like
Code:

``` {.wiki}
sudo apt-get install ia32-libs-multiarch
```

Finally, you should remove the file you just created: Code:

``` {.wiki}
rm /etc/apt/preferences
```

because else no new updates would be found.

Hope this helps you too!

-   Posted: 2012-10-06 22:19
-   Author: [wildintellect](author/wildintellect.html)
-   Categories: (none)

Comments
--------

No comments.
